Update outdated parts of documentation about Actions (#945)
home-assistant/companion.home-assistant: docs/core/actions.md

### Creating Actions in the App

> Actions are created only in Companion App on iOS. Navigate to `Settings` > `Companion App` > `Actions section`. Each action has required fields depending on your device:

Author: The Home assistant link was removed because it does not lead to a relevant place. Common use case is when documentation is read on desktop and actions performed on mobile.    
Yes, the wording was changed because it was difficult to comprehend and required multiple readings for newcomer to understand. There are multiple questions in forums asking how to find this functionality because documentation is not clear enough about the subject.

## Home Screen Quick Actions

> [Home Screen Quick Actions](https://support.apple.com/en-au/guide/iphone/iphcc8f419db/ios) provides a convenient shortcut to your actions and is accessed by Force Touching the Home Assistant companion app icon on your home screen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Home Screen Quick Actions](https://support.apple.com/guide/iphone/iphcc8f419db/ios) provides a convenient shortcut to your actions and is accessed by touching and holding the Home Assistant companion app icon on your home screen.
```
It's best to use non-region specific link. The branding of force vs haptic vs 3D Touch interaction seems rather unclear/confused. So I think it's best to follow the terminology used be Apple in the link you provided.

Author: Your'e right, looks looks Apple moved away from "Force touch" nomenclature.
